Yeah, I was gonna ask that too, yeah.
Whoa, that's a big family.
Yeah, did it feel like having two families?
Yeah. Great.
Honestly, for me, I mean more than the like...
You know, my brother was my half brother, so we have the same mom, but different dads.
But yeah we lived together and I just grew up with him.
like just like a regular brother so more than the like
but really soon I feel like it was more just our age gap
but like oh, we aren't that close cuz he was eight years older. Oh
yeah yeah so like i was still in elementary school when he was in high school that kind of thing
So because of that I was always like the annoying little sister.
And he didn't want to hang out with me because I'm always like in his stuff.
he's like yeah i remember him being like yeah you need to leave my room like you're bothering me
like the so that's was kind of there obviously like we would have times like road trips or whatever
where we'd actually spend time and have fun, but it was worth it.
Yeah, but in terms of like how I see him, I feel like I see him as like
a regular brother, I guess. Yeah, because that's kind of how we grew up. Yeah.
No, so yeah, actually
with him his relationship with his dad like his dad left the picture when he was
super young like maybe two or three years old and then
He had no relationship with them up until like five years ago.
Yeah, and he his dad had moved back to Japan
Yeah, so he met him
I think his aunt, my brother's aunt, had reached out to my mom.
and kind of reconnected in that way.
to see if my brother would want to meet his dad and that sort of thing so
Recently, he's reconnected with them.
I think so, but honestly it's kind of hard to say. I know in the beginning...